C Programming - Dennis Rithcie in 1972
     Mid level , Procedural Language which focus on structures rather than their working of the structure

Features :-
     1. Procedural - Step by Step. 
     2. Fast and efficient - Performance rate is high. 
     3. Modularity - Storing the C programming in the form of Libraries. 
     4. Statically Type - The type of variable is checked at the time of compliation.
     5. Rich set of built in operators .

Advantages :-
     1. Efficiency :- It is fast and efficient language to create high performance applications .
     2. Low level access :- C provides low level access to system resources. 
     3. Widely Used :- Many modern languages are built on top.

Disadvantages :-
     1. Lack of memory management :- Does not provide automatic memory.
     2. No support for OOPS :- More difficult to write the object oriented code.
     3. No concurrency supoort :- Multithreading is not supported because the c is introduced at the 
                                  time of the single ocre processor (It can do only one task at the time).

Void Meaning :-
     1.It does the action said by the computer but does not return any value .
        Example :- void greet()
                {
                     printf("hello world");
                }
      this is void function which just do the greet function but it cant be returned for example ... 
      : int x = greet(); // this is wrong this can not be done with void .
        but it can be just callled with greet().

Compilation Process :- 
      1. Pre-processing 
            * Removal of Comments
            * Expansion of Macros
            * Expansion of the included files.
            * Conditional compilation
      2. Compiling - to assembly code 
      3. Assembling with assembler - assembly to machine code 
      4. Linking 

Automatic Memory Allocation in Stack :-
      1. int x = 5; ---> this allocates thier automatic memory in the stack , the compiler does the memory allocation.
      
STACK AND HEAP :-

Stack:- Fast, Small, Organized Countertop
      1. It’s like a neat stack of trays.
      2. You use it for quick, temporary tasks.
      3. It’s automatically cleaned up when you're done.

   Used for :- 
      1. Function calls.
      2. Local variables.
      3. Parameters passed to functions.

Heap:- A Big, Messy Storage Cabinet
      1. It's a large storage area where you can manually place t
      2. You decide when to use it and when to clean it.
      3. If you forget to clean, it becomes a mess (called a memory leak!). 

The size of operator:-
     1. To know the size of the operator we use - sixeof() .
        refer repo (size of)

Scope of the Variable:-
     1. A variable can be accessed using its name anywhere in a specific region of the program called its scope. 
     2. It is the region of the program where the name assigned to the variable is valid.
     3. A scope is generally the area inside the {} curly braces.

const Usage :-
     1. const is a keyword in C that you use when you want to protect a variable from being changed.
     2. Once a variable is declared as const, its value cannot be modified after initialization.
     3. Example :- #include <stdio.h>

                    int main() {
                      const int x = 10;
                      x = 20;  // ❌ Error: trying to change a constant

                     return 0;
                 }



   
    

